You know what, I’ve always looked forward to your pig annual feast every year. Even though they are the same, I love the vibe, love how busy people are, love how people play their own part and work harmoniously together, love how you use every part of pig and turn it into delicious dishes, and love how everyone sits and enjoys the feast. I was even worried you wouldn’t do this video this year because you did one last year already, but thank God here is this year’s annual feast video. Thank you
I love how nothing is wasted. its so amazing seeing your family come together and make a meal.
What I really like about your videos is, they're not just a cooking video but also a therapy for the soul at the same time. The vibe is really chill and relaxing and there's Dawang's cuteness to top it all. Keep up the good quality contents Dianxi❤️
Thank you Penji, once again! Love that you share your family's annual pig festival with all of us! We just love the all of your video's. I look forward to each and every video-they give me peace and happiness! Thanks for sharing the neighborhood and the whole process of the pig festival. So much work and pride go into the preparation! Keep the video's coming-again thanks and Happy New Year!
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate your videos! I learn so much about your culture and traditions through the foods you prepare and eat. I love to watch how your family eats your dishes because they each do it a little bit different according to their personal taste preferences. I also learn table etiquette from your family too. Each culture has different table etiquettes and I really enjoy learning about them. Thanks again.
I think this is the fourth year I'm watching Dianxi, and ever year she records the annual pig festival. By now, I'm familiar with what she's making (the blown pig lungs, blood sausages, and preserved bones) but I still watch every video as if it's the first time. ✨
This reminds me of my family. Every holiday we would celebrate together. Grandparents, aunts, uncle etc. 30 of us eating together home cooked meals. Loved watching this video
I love her recipes and her videos, too. And I like when you guys treat Dawang a part of the family rather than just a pet. Keep up the good quality content Dianxi so I have great videos to watch here on YT world.
Amazing! I love that the whole community comes together and that every part of the pig is honored!
Hi Dianxi Xiaoge! My mother and I love your videos very much. We are  always waiting for your new uploads.  Your videos relieves our stress so please continue making more ♥️ Sending love from the Philippines!🇵🇭
I appreciate how much culture is show cased in this vid,  the part of preparing and cooking food together, and then eating together,  one of the cultural traits I'm glad we've retained from our Chinese ancestors.
What I love about your videos is that we see from the beginning to the end of how food is taken from the farm to the plate! Thank you so much for sharing I absolutely love your Cuisine!
Great to see family and friends working so hard! Then celebrating together..
Your every episodes brings me lot of surprises and love to see the cuisine which is somewhat similar to our culture. I am a big fan and would love to explore your place one day. Love from India.
Beautiful video and a lot of hard work goes into butchering a hog. Watched some of that when I was a kid and the ladies and the men worked a full day and then some the next. I’m glad I have those memories. Yes it takes a family and lots of hands to reap a harvest.
It's always joyful to see a family helping each other to prepare food and eating together. ❤
It is wonderful to see your family happy and together. Grandma looks so good!
Love watching u cook with all the spices.
I like watching your happy family.
Aw, how come Dawang couldn't have any food? 🥺
So impressive how everyone works so well together. Also, nothing goes to waste. Incredible work to all of you 😊👍
Great video. I love how you used all the part. Its sad because here in our country pork is very expensive due to AS. Great to see you enjoy the food you made.
Wow so amazing to see you all again.....what a homely family you have.....sharing in every work...in every bite....in every love....💖....Following you since two years back....my sister and I stayed in different places so we miss eavh other alot....so one day we try to shared our youtude favourite channel and surprisingly we both shared your channel which make us laugh out as we were following your channel without even telling or knowing that it was our favourite channel....Thanks for sharing your love through your videos...lots of love from India
So beautiful how family and friends work together ❤️
Love this video. Love how you showed from the rooter to the tooter,  NOTHING WASTED. That streaky pork did look good. I know it was.
Hi Penji, ( I hope I got that right) As always it is a joy to watch you and your family work as one team with a common goal, you are obviously many things to many viewers as your feedback comments suggest, I sincerely hope your life is as happy as it appears in your videos.
Your piano music accompanied, productive and fruitful shining life brings vicarious sensations of great satisfaction and calmness, unfortunately we have lost much of that values associated with that type of productive cooperation.
I am a farm boy who got lost in the city/world many years ago, I like many I suppose swim in the tide of modernity always clinging to and maintaining some of the most basic things that our parent and elders taught us, you are an inspiration to many in many ways, I particularly enjoy your amazing use of almost every piece of that big old pig and the many other things you use.
Your cooking is mouth watering to say the least, I swear I can smell the aromas as you prepare your food and I swear I can almost taste those sausages, the thought of your hams send my mouth into fits of delirious salivation, a million blessings on you and your family, may we always live in peace.
Thank you again for sharing, I like many others look forward to future videos.
You are an amazing cook, your food always look so delicious and the presentation is beautiful!
I watched you all do this event last year with much fascination and love in my heart for the community and family that gather around to help and feast together it is so nice to see festivals and feasts like this still exist and bring people together with love and friendship
Ahhh I love your videos! Relaxing, and really fun to watch. I was eating a lame ole corndog while you guys feasted.
So nice to watch your show, it reminds me a lot of my life and my family; we used to do the same things when I was growing up in my native PERU. Now we live in the USA, life here is totally different, no one can do these things here, so is so pleasant to watch your show. THANK YOU SO MUCH!! Keep up the good work. LOVE, from Minnesota, USA
I enjoyed this video of all of the family working and eating together. Great work!
You bring such joy and comfort to your wonderful videos. They show all sides of your life not just bits and pieces. Hard working family and so much love and happiness ❤️❤️
I love how you guys use all of the pig! Some people discard a lot of it instead :/
Dianxi, the relationship u have with ur sister is really amazing, and she is so sweet and funny ❤️😂
That is a perfect example of how a family should work together and share with each other... I love your videos. They help me escape and dream. Keep going with your wonderful job😍🤩
This is so fantastic and beautiful 👌😊 Country to Country in this world has wonderful similarities in some things 🐖 Despite of difference in languages 🐽 In the Cordillera Region of the Philippines, friends and family gather together with the neighbours whenever there are special occasions to help on slaughtering pigs and cows 🐖🐄 And preparing food that will be shared to anyone in the community. The rest of the meat (specifically the pig meat) will be preserved with salt into what they called "Etag". Happy Feast 🎉🐽🐽
I love the whole family going in together.
I got nothing else to say but satisfaction to the core….love everything about it. ♥️♥️
Haha Dawang is so cute. "You're heavier than the pig." And fighting with the goose😂
I've been watching her vlogs since then. Really entertaining 👍 love how she values family more than anything ♥️
It is very good to have such an excellent family to help with all that hard work! Thank you so much for sharing Dianxi, and my mouth was also watering seeing your delicious dishes cooked with the pork! I feel sorry for Dewang that he was not feeling well and wasn't able to share in the feast! ☹
I really like the interaction in your family. It feels too good to see you all happy ☺️.
the way she calls her relatives and the relatives call her really reminds me of my family back in hometown. "ace" "yeye" 💜
That good looked great. I want some streaked pork made like that. I made chicken tacos for the family but that pales in comparison to the massive feast you had with your family.😂 keep up the good work and Dawang is just wholesome.
In Portugal 🇵🇹 we have the same ritual, pigs are klilled in November, December, in Winter, and we preserve all, make blood sausages to, but without tofu 😃, very similar!
So wonderful!  To see so many people come together and help out during the Pig feast is heartwarming.  All the laughter and love you are truly blessed.
Dawang should have his own channel. So adorable 🥰
Your very special Penjie even I don't know you but I feel your very nice 😊  
Your very lucky most of your food are very fresh and you have lots of fruits 🥰
Love the smile of grandma wearing a red hat, so lovely!
Love how you make Dawang a part of the family rather than just a pet. Shows great compassion and love on your part.
Your home is so beautiful and I love the fields the mountains and culture I wish I can go visit there and taste your cooking.
Dawang is such a good boi I hope he gets a lot of treats
Apenjie is a beautiful, hard working woman. I really admire her work ethic and her love for her family. And Dawang.
Hi Dianxi Im one of your fan from the Philippines😊 please continue to make such wonderful videos. ❤
I am amazed that all of you did so much cooking and slaughtering but you and everyone looked so clean—I would have been such a mess! I look forward to seeing Dawang getting a bone or two.
Amazing nature,,rice terrace ,mountain,the street in the village love it ❤❤❤❤
I remember as a kid watching my elders do this.  They all came together slaughtered a hog and spent the day cooking. Needless to say this has stopped.
It’s so amazing how communally food is treated where you live. There seems to always be enough for everyone and you can just go pick what you need from nearby farms. So different from the states. I really would love to visit, truly one of the most beautiful places I’ve ever seen. Love how everything just flows and works with unspoken and mutually understood rules
So much wholesome teamwork!
I would love to be their Neighbor ❤️
love these videos, food always looks yummy
Such a lovely neighborhood 
Good food 
Good mood
I love watching your videos, learn a lot about the style of cooking & culture <3 *pats for dog*
Beautiful work and thank you for sharing it all with us.
I like how they are using most of the parts instead of wasting it!
Peacefully family, joyfully family, the way family take care your mom is so lovely n good,you all will get blessing from grandma n grandpa,,.
Its been a few years now.  everytime i watch your video, i thought it would be such a honor if ever allowed to be participated in the video. I miss the nature
Da wang is such a good boy! I love how dian xi xiao ge talks to da wang. Exactly like how i talk to my dogs. They are like kids to us. And i love this festival video. Reminds me of how it used to be when i was a kid. Ppl came together to help and celebrate.
I like how this feast bring your family and relatives together! Your grandma( mother’s mom), did a good job with that 200 kilos of a pig! Happy New Year, may this year be as prosperous as the last and may you continue to have good health and peace! GOD bless🙏🌟💥✨
This reminds me of my childhood.. We have a neighbor who's a butcher. They usually kill 1 pig every saturday. I always watch them cleaning it up after. Just so fascinated. Then they'll cook parts of it in what we call dinuguan. They also fry the fatty parts to render it for pork oil
That last meal they cooked look so good. Roasted pork dipped in sauce. Wish they'd tell the recipe for that dipping sauce
i love how they use every part of the pig (thats edible obviously). im no vegan but i believe that theres always a respectful way to eat animals and thats by not wasting any of their parts. where i grew up we even used the pig's blood.
I love how close your family is. And your home is so beautiful. And of course, I love seeing you and Dawang. Thank you for sharing. ♥️
Always wondered how long does it take from preparing the ingredients (cutting vegetables and slaughtering the pigs) to finishing marinating them (before set aside to dry/ferment).
Half of the village came out to work together on the pig.

Now that’s what I call community spirit.
It’s as if these merry folks were put on this earth for EATING lol

Mad love for the videos 🥃
Itself so nice to look and mesmerized the countryside.    I miss those time
How nice to see people around you support  eachother working together .. I also admire how you preparing food for your family's. ♥️♥️♥️ God bless always I appreciate all your video's ♥️♥️♥️Watching from Philippines City of Pasig😍
You are very good girl, you cook well,❤️❤️ I am generally from Georgia and Chinese dishes are foreign to me, and I like it very much❤️❤️❤️❤️.
👍👌👏 Very well done again and as always (video, work and cooking).
Best regards luck and health to all of you.
Dawang is so cute, and love to see everyone enjoying the feast ♡ much love.
Me and my mom eagerly waiting for your videos really enjoyed a lot to see your videos
All family cook together. So happy !
All are so hardworking I missed our village life love from japan 😍
A part when they break the bones so easier to cut, bit barbaric.. 
The sounds of crack give me chill. 😅
But the video of togetherness like this, really awesome. And the cooking is amazing. 
Loveeee it! 
And yes, many said that your videos always a nice therapy, indeed. ❤
Relaxing and educational regarding keeping up with the family values..
the dogo just blocked the irrigation water was so cute 😂
😇This is Amazing 👍 waiting for long time too see the video🥰, And now am watching, love too see the beauty😍 of yunan. Plz make video of nature 🌿🍃keep doing🙏
I haven't done a home kill since moving to the city a long time ago.. this brings back memories..Big Love from New Zealand 🇳🇿 ❤
Hello from Russia!  I love your videos!  You are an excellent cook!  And you have a wonderful dog!
it's my 4th year watching her annual pig feast. time really does flies so fast!
Dawang he was so cute and adorable what's he doing is really funny
i love how they use every part of the pig and don't waste it
Your are truly artist in not only in cooking but all the think I like all your video . It is so relaxing
Every year I learn something new and it does feel so good to see everyone so happy.  Thank you for including us.
Hi Dianxi where’s grandma? Is she okay? 
Great video as always we have similar way of celebration with family here in Bali with pig..basically pig is a must in every of Balinese celebration
This video really relief my strees & I love to see when family members enjoyd dinner
this is such a nice family actually  here in the phliphines in IGOROT tribe here in Cordillera we have the same method how to butcher the pig and the proper how we will preserve it. its just nice to see that we are not the only one who do that.we only butcher the pig occasionally. more contents to come. i really like your videos because i can really relate to it maybe because i live in a province just like the surroundings in your videos we have cold climate too...
Hi, could you also show how you wash and dry the utensils used in preparation, cooking and eating? I would really like to know how this is done in a eco friendly way
They help me escape and dream. Keep going with your wonderful job😍
How I wished I could live this country life ....
Greetings from the Netherlands
The sausage stuffing reminds me so much of when I was young and we were doing a similar project with my mom and aunts but we were also doing it for the first time! This went much more smoothly than with my family haha! but the conversation and community is the same ❤
Thank you for sharing your life. Please take care of yourself and each other. Much love from Washington state. Be safe.
Just goes to show how important food is for a culture and bringing people together.
Thanks for another heartwarming video and mouthwatering foods~😊
Just curious, is A-xia A-penjie's sister or cousin? Didn't saw A-hao in this one too. =3=
Thanks for another heartwarming video and mouthwatering foods~😊
Just curious, is A-xia A-penjie's sister or cousin? Didn't saw A-hao in this one too. =3=
Here in Tennessee in the USA we also find joy at pig killing time.  Only the pig thinks otherwise. ❤️
Dawang does make me laugh he really be testing her patience lol
Everytime i watched ur vlog i feel so hungry u are a good cook
Now I know why the "Pork Liver" tastes so good... Penji 's Blowing! 😤😤😤
Lovely Family, Greetings from Hungary ❤️💋
Fun fact: Dawang (the dog's name) means "King"
Nature, cooking, family, self reliance and love. Oh and Dawang. He gets s special shoutout.
Hoping that there's english translation...i love your video but i cant understand the conversation...im just imagining how happy and interesting your conversation with your family.
I really like dawang in your videos.. he is so cute ❤️
*I am from Mizoram, India, Pork (pig meat) is the best in the world, intestine, legs and head are the best part and delicious too..No.1 meat in Mizoram* 👍👍🔥
Penjie…I loved watching the annual pig roast. Tell me, is the young girl wearing the Cookie Monster jumper….is she your younger sister? How could I have missed this detail? We all know about your handsome younger brother…but I’d no idea that you had a beautiful younger sister as well! The three of you are extremely pretty! Tearing down the pig must be heavy and hard work. But you all always look as though it is great fun. I believe this to be true. 
Happy New Year!!!!
Makes me hungry every time I watch ,  sadly I can't taste anything due to covid:(
Omg, i like you filmed it... lovely family.. ❤❤
I find your videos so amazing to wach anything you cook look so yummy 🤗
I love how ypu preserve the pork so well, and make so many different dishes very creative. Id love to find a place here in nyc that serves authentic chinese dishes like this
I love how the goose is beating Dawang in the fight lol
7:14 pls don't beat dawang he is really cute and innocent😍
We love being here watching these delicious dishes, it gives you nothing but joy 😊🙏👍❤
what i learn from this video is 'Family is everything'.
Hi ..I'm from India northeast nagaland.. seeying this cute family wish I like to join urs n have that pork meat.. n hav a nice chat..looks so beautiful n healthy family❤❤
It wouldn't be possible without team work... 😀
Hi, I am big fan of your channel and I watch your videos everyday...
I just want to give you a suggestion if possible... Why don't you like when u guys cook somany foods y don't u give it to the poor people in the village aswell...
Coz I know that one pice of your beautiful tasty food can make someone day happy...
Love your videos!
I want a pig fest. 😋😍
first time watching but i definitely love this kind of vid. especially the eating scene. i love it when people eat together. i feel joy just by watching it.
Love your videos. Sending love from Myanmar 😍
Community preparing and feasting together - beautiful!

I just realized they probably do not have refrigeration.  So they need to either cook, pickle, or cure it.  My mouth is watering!
Hi! I am a great fan of your cooking... the way you explain everything is really impressive... you are not a chef you are the magician who knows science behind every recipe.
I really love your place.Dianxi😍❤.and Dawang is so really cute.its really good to wacth..stress reliever..❤😍😍😚😚.and the food is looks delicious...im hungry to wacth..
Beauty with the art of cooking ❤️❤️❤️ love your videos.. 👍👍👍
it's too good too watch !! Thanks for sharing !!
I enjoy watching your videos 🥰
I’ve never seen anyone cut meat with scissors before! 💚
It's a blessing being with the family... enjoying even the smallest one. 😥
So excited for this!
Do you open the intestines when cleaning them? If not, how do you make sure they're clean? Also how long do all of these preparations take before the actual feast?
amazing feast enjoying  the grilled pork  mouthwatering
Im always glad if you have new uploaded video.. Im so happy to see all of your family gathering together.. Mostly your grandparents... Seeing them happy is great fulfillment.. GOD Bless You.
Hello, iam from Indonesia ❤
Dawang is so cute 😚
Hi, always watching ur vlog, keep safe😍😍😍
You always showed your family. And that thing I really liked.
That Goose was brawling! Goose ain't scared of nuthin! LOL.
❤️ you Dawang and your family from USA 🇺🇸
When she lifted Dawang to the 2nd row of the truck, she said: You are even heavier than the pig.  So funny. My dog is 130 pounds, I cannot lift him at all.
I love this family
I just love pork ❤️, love from India.
I'm just in love with your videos. It's so soothing sister ... Lots of love from Kolkata, India 💙💙💙
I love how festivals gather people amd relatives together. This is what I miss most in this pandemic.
This is the another annual video...❤️
I really wanna see her rigging and equipment though, I always wonder what's going on behind the scenes
I am in the United States in Miami Florida, I was born in Cuba, I love cooking, I love Dawang😍
This is such traditional cooking style I do love so much, wish you could make something with my Seafood from my Mexico trip!!!
Love watching your videos
Dawang is so big now. He was just a tiny puppy before when I started watching your videos ;)
The most happy life that you can't buy them ,doesn't matter how rich you are,this is very happy life for me,spending time together with friends in the village,cooking ,join meal togetherand laught💕😊😍😅❤
This is my favorite video, it’s the way family’s used to share, work, food, love, we lost this lifestyle 50 years ago, watching you and your beautiful family makes me happy, may God bless you all!
That black puppy dog was so cute 🥰🥰
I don’t know why but i feel the uncle Ping is that one person in the family who didn’t want a dog, and now that he was one he spoils it the most😂😂
This reminds me of a traditional Cajun "boucherie" in Louisiana in the US. Get everybody over to eat as much as possible, and then work like crazy to preserve the rest. It's funny how circumstances made similar traditions evolve around the world.
Suka banget, love from Indonesia
I hope you mention me someday to your vlog i really admire and appreciate the way you love and treasure your family
.... Such a wonderful place
I love how the goose wasnt backing down frow dawang xxxx
Every year I wish i was a part of this this
Poor Dawang missing out on the feast because he's not feeling well ;_; but there's so much goodies that I'm sure he'll get some later!
So enjoyed watching your video, wonderful
Wow, looks good.
I am from India and I love to watch your video. It's very nice. 😊
Omg they eat everything I’m just amazed they didn’t waste any part of the pig
dianxi  i like this so much. nice presentation. surely, ill come back to see more. thanks.
Family and food.    The best life.
Beautiful cinematography!  Congratulations all of you who make these videos.  This one is spectacular.  Wish I was there, but at least I can see it.  Gratitude.
I love your cooking... From india
And there's dawang fighting a goose.... and losing 😂
I would want to eat all that pork in one day. I love pork!
Cinematography is on a another level! Bless your heart and family!
I'm your biggest fan God bless you
So relaxing
The dog living his best life
I love these videos. I'm  going to have a homestead one day and I can't wait to have a feast like this with my family.
Love from North-east India❤️
Good job of cooking recipes.
0:27 ,dawang is looking like a hero 😎😎😎😂😂
What a wonderful day of many people making the work go well. A real sense of community and celebration.  Happy New Year to you all.
If Dawang starts chasing after geese, he's going to be a problem.........He's getting as big as the people (lol).
Penjie trying to lift dawang in the truck is so funny
*WOAH THE CUTEST DOG I WANT TO HUG HIM/HER HAHA*
Really it's wonderful.
Love this cultural video very much. It shows love, peace and happiness. Can't wait your family dinner video on Chinese New Year
Dawang has become a plug for the water canal again🤣🤣🤣
dawang really have so much fun that day
I'm from india... I'm big fan of u mam
The real continental woman. The woman who know what the community people want to eat, and what would be served. The Big girl.
Hello.. I'm your fan here in the Philippines.. I hope to watch more videos of you.. its so inspiring to watch on how you make foods for your family.. 😍
In our province in the Phil the people were doing that also specially when there are occassions
It give's me immense pleasure and happiness. Your hard work and dedication must be recognizes sister appenji.
Love the video and seeing Dawang too!!!
That dog is hilarious!
Please,translate in  spanish ,thanks.We are many spanish speaking followers.ARGENTINA
looks bloody but i know it must be delicious
You can always tell the time of the year when it comes to slaughter time for the pig, everything looked delicious, as usual!
Im from Indonesia ilike so beautiful village in  yunan.
Hello, the men did a great job with the 🐖. It was so huge and it looks like a lot of work for everyone. I hope your family and friends had a lovely feast. Looking forward to your new year. 🧧🏮🎎🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎊🎊🎊🎊
Dawang is the cutest. Watching from the North East India.
I just feeling like heaven when I'm watching your videos thanks for your videos and God bless you with good health and safety for your lovely family with noughty 🐕🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Thanks for helping those old people with new clothes
Dianxi make a video also about your beauty cosmetics ♥️lots of love 😊😊
Im a fan from the Philippines. Always loved your videos, keep safe always ❤️
Some please educate me on this…are flies nonexistent in this region? ☺️
When killing an animal I love how nothing was wasted every part of the animal was use 💕
I'm happy to see grandpa's doing well .
warm greetings from Indonesia
Everything was great, good to see care and love among themselves as a family.

But I just felt oh my Gosh! Where you eating raw blow of meat.
Scene is peaful . Good food.
YAAAAAAAAY! Dawang is on a diet!
Please put in English subtitles
i really like this kind of video because you can feel the warmth and love from the family ❤️ i wish all of you happiness and healthy everyday🥺 and dawang too❤️😂
I love how some people being a hypocrite in comments.
always waiting your video from Nepal 🇳🇵
Please, can you adjust the english caption a litle bit slow...Wih Love from your identical face brother 😁 of North East India. John Zote
Any dish you make is delicious
Such a nice sight to watch. Different cultures n different kinds of food. But one thing is always common. Love between family. Well I hv a doubt.... Is it ok to eat raw pork? Won't that harm our tummy
Enakkk sekali 
Yummm
Wow ! I love ponk  food !!!
This is my favorite part of your video when you cook pig
Wow!! Excellent video.  Was terrific to see all your family together shairng, eating and having fun. Poor Dawang  i hope he gets to feeling better then he can have the pig bones
I Like all the food you make
If Indians  see those sousages . Their  reaction will hilarious 🤭🤭🤭
In my village activity like a Dianxi and her family is "Rewangan"
Finally got to see Axia clearly...... She's a beautiful as her sister is ❤
We meet again through youtube you are the best among the youtube chenel.and i love dawang👍👍
😍 Lot's of love from india 🇮🇳💐
your family are beautiful
Love from India I like all your videos
Is it a regional reason? They have done a lot of work, but it looks like they have no pests.
Yeah i like family video's the most!!
Dawang : If the pig is going, I'm going too
We love your video very much.we from india ,
Another beautiful update from our girl! ❤️
Sister. My name is Ahan from India now residing in Kuwait. I am 5 years old. I alwaya watch your videos in you tube and like it very much. 😍😍😍
i love all your videos.......please tell me how the hanging meat is not buzzing with flies?.....x
Bom festival
I can only imagine the delicious taste without even possible to taste it in my dreams either
Thanks for bangla subtitle.
This one is soOoo warm
Your videos are very nice and interesting. You are very pretty 💕 congratulations for your very entertaining posts
Its good to see how  cut the pig,, can you upload  about the beef or goat of turkey or lamp.......
what breed is dawang? is he an alaskan malamute?
A feast!
I’m really watching this video while eating hot fries and a coke at 3 am💀
Thank you for taking such good care of the pig before and after it died. Really appreciate to see people respect the being who will die to give bring them food. It didn't want to die, but at least it was treated correctly and respected.
He'll dianxi Xiaoge How are you  Your avid fan😘😘 and also Dawang also🐕🐕🐕
When do you think we'll see a Dianxi's wedding video? 😍👰🏻
Dawang becoming so heavy and so big😃
The goose in the beginning, "And I was ASSAULTED!"
Lucky guy who will marry you penji😇❤
Meeru home tour cheyandi
Your sister is beautifull.. Same as you ❤
New year wishes to everyone around the world..stay hale and healthy.
I never see people wearing mask on her video 😭i just want to  live at her vill5
YOU DOG ITS AMAIZING LOVE YOU
After watch this i dont want to eat pig anymore😭
I, I, I know it’s kind of weird but I feel bad for the pig 🐷, especially on the last night of its life… poor piggy 😢 

I think I’m lucky enough to not have to kill a pig and can just get pork in the market. I might have forced to turn vegan if I need to kill to eat… 😵‍💫
Very interesting
Family of cooks
Nice video
Hi sister 
I'm neela
In Tamilnadu 
Very nice your place
Lots of love from India west Bengal
I don’t know why but, I’m crying
Hi! How are you?

Tomorrow is the weekend this week. I hope you have a healthy day on weekends and holidays. 
Thank you.
Nice view and nice doggy
Yummmy😋😋😋😋
RIP pigs. 🥴🤣 But  that's the way of life.
Dianxi where is your brother nowdays ..I hope he is alright..
Happy New Year
your video was good view and make feel relax
Great video
Hi sister your videos was super
MANTAP ENAK...
in Bali we say this tradision is "Mepatung",,,,,,,
😋😋😋😋😋yummy love you sister xiaxie
Not a vegetarian by any means… but I still feel so bad for the pig!! But what I love about Asian cooking is that NO PART goes to waste. I like to think the pig didn’t suffer.
English translation pls
Mam  please introduce your family
Still wondering you just hang in there the meat and the saussage are they can't broken.. In my country if i did not put the meat on the freezer it will broken but you just hang in there for so many days
dawang vs the goose😂😂😂😂
A type of food all Jews love!
Nice
Nice
I know it naive to ask but how come there is no problem with flies around all the exposed fresh and hanging meat?
So this is Axia's first official appearance?
Bom dia Linda
If only there were invitations
Dawang: Life's not worth living...
I want your dog 😊
3:30 my man just coppin a feel
Dawang what are you doing🐶 dawang so funny🤣
finally able to see Axia… as beautiful as penji
No one talk about how old women hit her dog 😔
The intro killed me
Dawang makes the videos more special
She’s supporting her whole family and her community are getting the benefits from her success in YT income…
Thanks to the creators and the success of YT channel Liziqi ?…
Her fans created YT channel’s following her example’s all over the world
Yami😋😋😋
I love these videos, but with everyone gathering around. Is China covid free?
dawang is the definition of a rascal
Wow so nice, 💃 Dianxi which place is your village of the Chains, pls? And you write in English everything's name, which you cooking your food. ❤👍👌
Missed you!!!
Enjoy with chicken 🐔🍗
Nice super
16 on trending in my country
Don't be aggressive.She just wanted to joke with you.
Pls Dian put a English translation so that I understand
Beautiful Creatures Friend
Happy family G B U all
really all family Happy. Cili
Pig lungs.
Thanks you share
how did the kill it? it looked so clean after like nothing was done?
Can you sell me the dog named Dawang !??? It so cute !
Such a happy family
English subtitles please 🙏
Doesn't he feel sad if he does that to the dog that is being made at home when the animal is killed? And animal is also called a pig. Prossed only with good things. Congratulations to you.😐🥺
@Dianxe i want to go to your country
12:50 the equipment so rusty for the sausage...
"Om mane pedme hung".....
May all the creatures be out of danger ♡
Did anyone else see the mom hitting the dawang?
Yummmmmmm
I hope she doesn't go missing like other Chinese celebrities have
good!
I stopped watching the moment I saw you add pig blood 🤢🤮
Much pig meat, and u cooked in variant ways, that good, sausages, dried meat and can cowok it for long time.
Iam love with u ❤️
I'm an Indian ,i like your videos please give me subtitles in English,I can feel &happy your videos
that sausage machine are rusty as hell...
thank you
sUPER DELICIOUS
Why did that lady hit the dog he's sweet he loves everyone?
Dawang just made a friend and saw his friend get killed overnight. Oh boy!
Any body notice the woman tried hitting the dog @6:54?
i don't think Dwang looks happy
I didn't see any insects or birds. Why? Nobody eats food in courtyard. 😕
Hello I am nafeesa from Pakistan very nice video s all video's
I think they eat raw pork
Let's please never let the vegan teacher find this video.
I want a pair to dawang
Always look forward to your videos.
I didn't like how your aunt treat dagwa. He is just curious she should have not hit him like that. Poor doggy.
Why is it a pig festival? Why do you blow the lungs? I have seen it before but can’t recall the reason why. I love your dog Wang, he’s so cute. 🐶🐶🐶
I like abbot u Dian good bles. u I am fatma from indonesia I look all u video so nice ,
nice
Hi I am from India 🇮🇳
Raw Pork??????
Good
Why are you killing that poor pig😏
Who are the malayalees watching this? 😄😄
Good
Lovely dog ....If you read my comment then what is you dog breeds. Answer me if have time.
Where is your little brother?😁
Translat to arabic
Poor dawang how that lady in back slapped him 😞
Wawoo
I can't believe that Dawang was dog
mostly indian people not like pig but your video super
Hermoso
lots of lube/lomda  from india 🇮🇳
pheeling praoud indian army
pubg mobile  
op phan
I like Your brother dawang also
I love you… where are you from?
English subtitles please next time
Im wondering, where the bloods go???
super thamilnadu
that other girl is so stubnorn, BUT PRETTY
6:54 meanwhile in background...
What kind of dog is that?
ohh i see u got irritated when that lady teased you when u we're like doing something.  yay . captured .
From Viet Nam
Dawang is the best
the pig was white then when it was flip over its now black! can someone explain?
these devils , they would pay for this sin in hell
Your so pretty girl
Where is your little brother?
who is that wearing the brown shirt? she is so cute
Pls don't show the animal dying... I love your videos, but I can't watch it :(
I see from Bangladesh
Alright, just went through the recent comments section.

Do not go through the recent comments section.
what up with y'all hitting Dawang? wth
Pathetic...u killed it....no matter what u shudnt have shown it killing!!!!
7:16 slapping the dog sad.....
Music name?
You translate your words into English
This is so cruel to watch 😕
This places are which part of china?
Did u even notice that you're Dog was crying due to hunger @ 10:43, pay a little more attention to souls who cant speak for themselves ..
Everywhere in the world women works men just sit play and eats.
Dawang is so big
They used two pigs? One white and one black pig?
1:06 Dawang the Water Dam
Pity for 🐷🥲
Hi I am from India in your country coronavirus is not there ..................?
i don't see any flies
Hay
Hi Dianxi, how are you..? You are doing everything but write in english pls, I want to know that things name 👌 love you 💟👍
Kinda felt bad for the pig :(
So no one here felt bad for the poor pig(・_・;)
D to .Nepal🇳🇵
How saaad!!!
What about dawang
you need to keep that dog on a leash when going to other places, he would havexeasilly killed someone's livestock aka that goose. he is not playing
Where you come from
Your one click can change my life plz
How can you love one animal so much and have the heart to kill the other ?? 🥺🥺🥺🥺 what is the difference between the two? It broke my heart to see how that pig was killed 💔
Killing animals is sick shit that doesn't belong to Youtube. I came for a pleasent content, not to see a pig alive and then being butchered.
😔
The pigs color while alive is white!! Why it turned black when it si being cleaned?? Or it another pig??
Welp! Def a warning for any Peta and vegan lovers....! Poor pig!
I feel so bad for the pig
Where's Ahao? 🤔
Sis be careful one day you might just chop a human body.......I am scared but I love you at the same moment
love pigs, please stop killing them fo eating
Poor piggy 😔
where is ahao..??
Gosh these guys ate whole pig even guts, legs, feet, skin, blood, brains… are we still living  in old Stone-age?
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
where is ahao?
What a big feast ! Gorgeous lady, handsome dog, wonderful village vibes.
I hope DaWang feels better after his adventures while collecting the pig. 
Delicious video as always. I’m happy your sister was so helpful
Sister I really like your videos, it feels natural with a good environment and having a good connection with relatives , enjoying feast together, is just one of the best ever feeling and this whole thing is in you😍😍😍😍
I've been so excited to see the pig feast this year! My favourite part is when you make meats for hanging- the ham legs, and especially the sausages! ❤️🐖🍽️
All my love to you and yours Dianxi.
This is what I love about our Asian culture. ❤️
I look forward to this video every year. Thank you for sharing! Love from Georgia, USA❤️
I really enjoy this episode, all the family together not just cooking, everyone helping. 💖
nne loves to see how everyone comes together as a family to make their meals and celebrate
What a beautiful dog!
I'm in love for him ❤
THANKS FOR SHARING AND WHAT I LIKE MOST OF YOUR UPLOAD ARE THE FAMILY GATHERING, VERY TOUCHING AND IT REMINDED ME WHEN I WAS GROWING UP THAT WE SHARED A LOT WHAT WE HAVE DURING FESTIVITIES LIKE THIS.
Dewang ❤️ he was like “fine let me go and lie down in the stream so I don’t fight with the swan 🦢(?) “ 😂 😂 😂 Love him so much ❤️
What a feast!  Love to see that you use the whole pig. Noting is waisted!
Nothing is wasted, they ate the pig inside and out 😀. Family and friends get together to cook and eat. What not to love ?🥰
your family showing that hard working  spirit of all Chinese people. and your village is so peaceful and beautiful we like it !
I don’t understand the language.but what a beautiful place you have.natural 
One day I need to live this place..love from UAE
i love this kind of video. tradition and a family affair. they get together and work together to make delicious and traditional food. 😊
I remember when I was younger my family used to slaughter pig during our yearly festival and they have the same technique as your family. I missed those days. Now we are in the city and life is never the same during festivals. Your life is a dream, Apenji.
Love it(lots of loves from Nagaland)
I WANT that cookie monster sweater!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sending love from India🇮🇳
Dawang is so cuteeeeee😍😍😍
1:54 Btw, Dawang is heavier than the pig😂
My sister and me, fighting for who ate the last piece of cake in the fridge 0:00
Dawang and the duck having some serious unfinished business 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I love your cooking style mam iam from India vizag
Similar food culture and tradition 🙏we also use sheep goats  intestines and fill it with ingredients 🙏also eat their liver after roasting it 🙏
Thank you dear for inspiring many of us to worker head
Dianxi and her sister look alike! 😊
such as vibe, love it.
Dawang can be such a bad boi 😂😂😂
I love roasted pork or pork BBQ ! yummy!
Ive been wondering🤔 why does the liver need to get inflated like that? Is it just a cooking technique or is it important for some other reason?
Dianxi listen😔😔.. I'm kirti from india..and one day I meet with you..you know what how I love your videos..you are amazing girl 😘
Love from India I love your all  videos
I would so love t be at this table
I adore that dog
No need for a Christmas day. You have your pig festival day. But the present you give each other is your hard work and effort in making so much good food so that everyone can share in this harvest of porky goodness. This present may not come wrapped up with shiny bows and ribbons but to me it glistens like the bright lights on a Christmas tree.
Sister Lovely video love you from northeast india (Mr LS FOREVER)
Dawang  is on a different level 😅
Last few weeks your Videos English Subtitles are missing why??
Wow beautiful video
Bad Dawang, fighting with the goose! 😡😅
The girl with the cookiemonster shirt looks like real fun!
One pig brings together the whole family to prepare a feast, & enough meat for a whole year. The important message is family unity. 

Isn't it about time for Dawang to get a mate to produce some puppies? 🥰😘❤
I like your video
hy i love your video im allways watching ..
NICE VIDEO ! But is soo sad when u show how to kill the pigs! RESPECT YOU TRADITIONS BUT U DONT NEED TO SHOWS THE PART
If you could also put English subtitles sense some of your subscriber cannot understand chinese language
Poor Dawang being sick and cannot have bones..
Wow very good idol ,i like .
Please can sister send dry pork to India manipur imphal
😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙
I do not like watching them take the pig to slaughter. It made me cry. I know our meat comes from live animals but I have to disconnect emotionally from that. I couldn't watch the rest of the video.😟
How much you cost per hour?
Try Pakistani food
Add the Arabic language
Feel so sad
Covid didn't hit in to these people's town!!
what are those white cubes at 11:11 ?
NOICE
I don't like this video because your all are eating two times in a day and you all not looking at Dawang, very sad😔 also you are not feeding him, not good at all
Axia is cool
Where’s your 2 little brother??
if this was a vegan channel ild be in heaven..
Hii my name is   jagadeesh I am an Indian
You're so chill, if uncle ping spoke to me like that, i would've probably lost it. "Hurry up and cook something" , uhm. Sir. Who tf are you talking to like that ? 😒
Hi friend how are you
Why Didn't you give dawang at least a slice 😑 I am so sad for him
Heartless! to see an animal screaming for its life and the human heart has no compassion...then to make a bloody feast of its flesh with spices and seasonings!! All for the sake of appetite!
Idk if it’s me or dawang seems like he’s gotten so big. They feed him too much unhealthy food. He seems like he need to lose some weight. Or maybe it’s just his fur coat that make him look big? 🤔 and don’t feed your dog bones it’s not good for them.
I have a question. 
China is blocking YouTube, and if you get caught, you will be punished. 
How do you keep the channel running? Is it possible with mcn papitube?
I was big fan of her and liziqi but in this video she showed something which was disturbing to watch and even think also... I know that it's normal everyone have non veg items but u should have shown direct meat and not the whole thing, u bought that innocent looking pig and later u all did something to him later u all cut the pig, instead of that direct meat could hv been shown... No offence. Its just wat i didn't like
Wild bad dog and poor gos😥
7:10
Astagfar
I have liked all your videos except this just because I don't like the rude behaviour towards Dawang by that lady, dawang seems to be very obedient so such kind of behaviour towards him is intolerance
Your cooking skills are so good and delicious.
I wish I could eat dishes cooked by you.
Sometimes I wonder if she is a wonderwoman. She is works tirelessly with a smile, cooks delicious food, touches chillies with bare hands. U r so inspiring apengie💓💓💓
I am eagerly waiting ur videos at Wednesday... My whole family watches.. Everyone loves ur channel... 😘
I just love your videos, they make for enjoyable watching. Thank you for letting us into your life.
Hi dianxi xiaoge, , i really like your cooking skills also i love dawang , yo re really amazing  ❤️ sending you love from india 🇮🇳
What a feast! Amazing!
I really want your video to be 30 minutes long 🥰
Hi am from south African am enjoying every video. I like your way of cooking very traditional. It reminds us you make something even you do not have much. I love the respect you have and the way you carry your self God bless.
i just love the way dianxi present her videos look how natural those people are it seems Cameraman shoots the video without even letting them know that he is shooting the video.....
I look forward to this video every year. So yummy!
Hello 👋 
I just love your cooking style it gives relaxation  n one kind of satisfaction  
But why you rearly post your video . We are eagerly waiting for your video . ❤️❤️
Lots of love from Nepal 🇳🇵
Dawang you're such a trouble maker.  You can do no wrong in my eyes.  Love you soooo much Dawang.
I always watch ur videos, and I usd to think who is ur camera man I never see him/her 🤔 BTW I love watching ur videos full of varieties, its so interesting to watch ur videos 😍 keep up ur great contents 🤞🏻
Glad to see grandpa, I was worried about him!
I think you have to upload your daily routine as a vlog 
I am a teenager from India ♥️
🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🙋cen you add Turkish subtitles to your videos 🙏🏻😘
That goose was not having any of Dawang's shenanigans! 🤣
Wonderful festive family time
I am fan of u me n my daughter is waiting for your videos thanks for   this great videos
Will you do a cookbook and will it be in English as well as Chinese?
Lots of love from Sikkim ❤️
It’s their annual cheat day where everything on the menu is pork or has pork in it. I like this annual feast.
Hi..dianxi..I'm your big fan from Philippines..I hope you see my message..I really love your vlog..🥰🤗
love to see your sister on frame again 🤩😍
your dog is so cute. you make so amazing nd beautiful video. 👌👌
Love from manipur ❤🇮🇳
👏👏👏love you and your family
Nice to eat 😋😋😋😋😋😋
Pig annual is also done in Assam (India) by Boro community people. Your videos  remind me my childhood.
i really love to watch your place things peoples and mostly dawang😍😍😍
Lots love from India 🌹
I like your cooking. Iam from india(Kerala)
Lolll Dawang is so disobedient that it gets hilarious lol
I love this video & I'm waiting for another videos
But I feel bad for the pig 🐷 it's cute 🥺😩
I really enjoy your videos especially with Dawang, beautiful boy.
The duck (after fighting with dawang) : Did you guys see that he attacked me
Wow..!  Amazing.    from Thailand
love from India🤗
Dianxi i really love your videos I'm expecting like from you iam from India
"The annual pig" sounds like some kind of boss in an rpg.
She makes me happy
Dawang is very naught 😂❤️
omg dawang is a thicc boy already😅
love from nepal 🇳🇵
is that her sister? she looks a lot like dianxi. she’s sooo pretty
Lots of love from India Odisha
i just know that all slaps 🤤
Please make your house tour video
Love from Kerala
Where or which place it is... Never skip your video but don't know
Nice
If only Chinese people loved African people, I would have gladly migrated to China and lived this kind of life
Ahhh,I feel bad for my lovely dawang he don't get bone,
Wait? So, is it okay to eat raw pork?
Hai sister how are you  I love your videos
I like the way you cooked? Its quite similar with our northeastern people of India....
Always waiting for u.
Dawang one my fav actor to 😀😍
i love you dianxe
What kind of dog is he he so big and cute
0:57 peace was never an option
Fight of year: Dawang x Goose. Who wins? Dawang is better? Where's Ahao?
Hai..love from India
ENGLISH SUBTITLES PLEASE
ENGLISH SUBTITLES PLEASE
Every gram of that 200 kilo pig will be eaten
Hadirrrr
I didn’t see your grandma? Is her unhealth?
hey i m big fan
3:30 white pig to black pig... How?
Hi Dianxi, thanks for sharing your new video. Much better if you put eng. sub becuase we cannot understand what you are talking about. Not everybody like me cannot speak Chinese. Big deal if you could do that for the sake of all your  followers.   Thank you very much
WOW speak Thai, Nueng  Song Sam
Then what are you doing with the blood?
I love you
where's your grandpa??
Where is Aho???
Next video please
Where is your brother????
where is ahao?
ENGLISH SUBTITLES
Can u guys eho make the video  plz transulate  the word that they r saying in to inglish
Alll right...the title is a bit creepy cringe but I love the content.
not to be rude, but how do you know if the pork is ok to eat raw? i was internally panicking about salmonella lol
I love seeing the cultural and traditional aspect of your presentation But sadly as I am an Animal Advocate I decided to unsubscribe the channel as you didn't treat animals equally. You love your dog but you killed the pig.
Why do you eat so much meat, you have so many vegetables. You are human.
Please don't kill pig...🙏🙏🙏
VietNam
Paceful
cheeee........
Long time grand father not see
Why that lady hit dawang like that tho?? (7:14) 😡
Ahao, ^^
I love the way you guys live. So peaceful!!
Your dog 🐕 is so adorable 😇, lots of love from india 🇮🇳
Oh wow that's a lot of meat and I look forward to see the recipe that you guys making. Yummy!
Hi dianxi... hope ur doing well.. again an awsm video from you ... my mom(latha) really wanted to watch all ur videos... she loves u so much... she is waiting for ur reply... hope u will reply back... have a nice day☺💙💙💜💜love from India
I love Dianxi xiaoge families.......i watched your every videos how you love each other  May your family share love to the world.
They must be really happy 😁
That's a huge pig! The meat looks very healthy.
Always looking forward to Dianxi's video 🥰
I'm from Martinique (French caribbean isle), and it reminds me the way we do at Christmas with all the family.
A new annual pig feast?! Awesome!!!!
Hey👋🏻👋🏻
Dianxi.. I don't understand your language but love your video. Always waiting for the next upload.. Love from India ❤❤
Y'all?! Dawang getting in to a real fight with the feisty duck though, premium scene! 😂🤣😂🤣😂
We are the same people all over the world, I am Mexican and have beautiful memories of the annual pig feast in my family.  Thank you, it's lovely to see and enjoy all your videos.
Love the videos 
Please translate the ingredients into English 
Regards from South Africa
my heart wanna live there
Well done for all the work you do .. We in Greece do not eat either the pig's face or its nails .. I really like Chinese and Korean cuisine, but I would probably not eat any of these foods that contain blood from the pig or the pig face .. Be well ..
Fantastic. Enjoyed this show.
Nicely done with the pig 🥩
Lovely family...enjoy..
Pork billy looks tasty 😋
Here in our village we don't have such festival, if one family butcher a pig then we have to  sell it to 30 - 50 families  to consume it all. We have 21-25 yuan per kg here. How much it cost in your place? Lol😜  From Northeast India. Love your videos.
I love watch every dianxi videos
Dawang Just Came To Fight The Goose 🤣
This time Dawang is left alone no one is paying  attention poor Dawang u should fight for your share 🥺
Lots of Love and Respect from India...
Hey Dianxi,,, your fans from Indonesia🇮🇩
Dawang fighting the goose 🤣🤣🤣
Beautiful place
I love this, but I would put Dawang behind the fence or something just this time until it's done.
Dwang is so naughty. Got scolded by mother. But at the end felt bad for him.
I feel sad for dawang, he can't get any bones cuz is sick....!!!! Get well soon dawang🐶
Hi, I 'm a big fan and I've been watching you for over three years now but I'm upset because I can't read the English translation because it's really tiny this time and before it used to disappear so quick, please find a solution for the sake of your English readers fans and even Dawang channel I had the same problem. Thank you.
I'm wondering whr why her grandmother is nt seen in this video? Missing her smile so much🤔
Lovely video
I am big fan of your video and your
And I am from Nepal 🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵
I have commitment please add English subtitles also in your video
Love from Nepal 🇳🇵😎
That’s a lot of meat 🍖
Yummy
When I was a child I spent some time at a relative's house on the countryside and I was traumatized when I watched a pig been slaughtered. I cant help it. Bye!
Dianxi family members eating super
Dianxi hi from indian northeast in nagaland  I like your cook and vary testing
7:13 Poor Dawang getting scolded and hit
wow so Nice
7:11 😂😂😂
love from india
I envied your cooking appetite
Hiii 
I really like your video
did that auntie hit the dog for real? around 7:13
"The cup says, I know your secret and can colonize you (The blue drink just killed you)!"
OK 👌 thank  you
I love pork but always sad when there is pig killing scene... I think i am crazy😁
beautiful girl for you in world 💕💓💓
So long did not see Ah Hao already.
I want to eat pork, but i cant. Can you gaes describe the pork flavor ?
Dawang is star of the video
Keep english subtitles
Must be nice to buy a pig wit clothes
ENGLISH SUBTITLES PLEASE
ENGLISH SUBTITLES PLEASE
Chinise new year coming soon yeah
Where is your granpa?
We need translation please
But Where is Ahao.....?
Your videos are absolutely worth watching but this video where shoen a pig getting killed broke my heart, u cud have skipped that part too....
Paltu janwar ko kese mar dete hai aap or Kha bhi lete Hai😔
Hai Dianxi
too stingy so Dawang is not given meat
Hi
It's so sickening to eat blood and skin. Poor pig 😔🤢🤮
hi
I like your video but this one better you don't let people see how to kill a pig  to sad..
Disgusting.
Where ahao goooo????
Haram ygy
Raw pork? Not good
This is so big pig u guys are cut like ant ,, and nothing than this 😣😣🤯
Harom neng 🙄🙄🙄
Hi
Horrible
Awesome video Apenji...love the presentation and presentation of all the delicacies. D-duB buddy...kinda sad we didn't get to see you chomp down on some bones.😪 Even though you clearly pointed out which part of the pig 🐖 👈🏽you wanted.🤣. Maybe next time....love your energy and demeanor...stay healthy Buddy. 😁💪🏾💚🐶🌺🙏🏽
With love to your channel from Eastern Siberia, thanks for the video and its submission!😘😘😘
I regularly watch u r all videos and I never got bored of it  love u from india ❤️
That  video makes me remember my childhood ... when  in the region i borned and grow up ...  a several group of people made the same with a pig ... always a annual feast  - i Loved eat  the brain with eggs ( to delicious )or with a potato's pie !
This was amazing to watch. Thanks for sharing
It looks like western Thanksgiving. 😁
God bless you Dian Xi! 🌄🌅
Dawang is soo cute 💜
Excellent teamwork and superb cohesiveness APENJIE and family clans.
Work, eat and enjoy as one, but of coursewith Dawang there.
Hi dianxi I am form indonesia,I am a great fan of your cooking
The pig is so damn big. And Dawang is a little bit naughty. Lol
Its been so long... Lovely video... Love you from India (Manipur)
Grilled charcoal soft and tender pork Perfect!
That goose was not going down without a fight lol. Dawang might've gotten hurt if he wasn't led away.
U r excellent cooking very smart, all item is wonderfull cooking yunnan.great job
So interesting! In Hungary we don't use hot water to remove the pig hair, we use fire 🔥Nowadays it's done with flamethrower but traditionaly they put hay pile on the pig and burn it down.
Hi I'm one of your fans , from philippines I always watch your videos
Hi I'm one of your fans , from philippines I always watch your videos
Very good 🙂
Love from sri lanka 🇱🇰
I love dawang… so naughty 😂
Sub Thai please😍
Its yummy
Wow its look like yummy...
Nice
Turkish subtitles please
Lol, vegans would be appalled if they watched this! It good that nothing is wasted, so much food from one animal 🐖🍖🥓🥩🫕🥟
Where is your grand pa its been a long time since he is not in your videos.
Love from India
Apenji temprament,, her sister just kidding her and his leg move quickly... OMG
Apenji temprament,, her sister just kidding her and his leg move quickly... OMG
Wow super sister
Can watch but cannot eat 😵
Watching here in philippines
I like to watching your video. So mazing
Super
Yong ulo hing lechon nalang sana...

The head part ..cook it ..name of the dish lechon..😎
Am I wrong or the women's table was positioned the farest from the door meaning that was the main table?
Can you or any one tell me why pig kill annually.. thank..
Fan from India
nice to  meet  you.
I love u from india
😃😃😃😃
Iam poor helpme my daughters please morccian ispak french 😭😭🙏🙏
If Vietnamese ! 
LovE
Where's Ahao?? I can't see him in this video
Hi good to see u.
Dawang think pig is his girl friend
Love from India🇮🇳
it was soo sad how the pig was ****, the pig was cute just like Dawang...
7:13 that aunty smack dawang head 😔
Lots of love from Nagaland India
I Love Japan sachme bohot achha...,from india
Its the time where corona is still in the air, can we consider eating raw meats are healthy?
Hii  iam Indian  I like your  videos but I can't  understand  your  language  please  subtitle in English
where's Ahao?
Where is ahao? The real ahao?
How cruel are u...no mercy
Heart Disease
3:37 "....
Hi
Please stop killing animals
Peppa???
Totally wrong to kill any animal love animals save animals be vegan and save lives. 💧🌱
Hi feke thote tarjame llairaby
Pig is not halal in islam
This is a chinese propoganda channel. Please do not mistake this to be a run of the mill YouTuber uploading videos for our enjoyment.
WTF, Yucks
How do they  kill the pig
It's haram
Below baran.
Mtabhtk.man.arak
How can someone kill a life so brutally. He was also the creation of the God just like us. I am proud to be a Sanatana who believes in living and letting live. I feel so pity for you guys who don't have humanity alive. You guys are living monsters which we have read in our holy books like Ramayana and Mahabharata.
eh?? I thought pork was 🐷 white, how did it become a pig 🐷 black fur !!!!!
Love the food recipes ❤️
Dianxi Xiaoge, thanks for the English translation. I totally enjoy your videos.
Watching here in philippines i really love to watch your vlog always so much fun and you share your talent on how to cook yummy foods.kung hie fat choi
Was waiting for this since yesterday 🙂
Finally 😚💖
Love the way it all is used!  Hope Dawang feels better
Beautiful simple life. Your sister's so funny, teasing you while you were blowing out the pig liver. Dawang's a trip, lol. The smell of wet dog and pig while driving home 😷, I don't know how you managed it Penjie. Dawang did do a good job guarding that pig all night though. I'm sorry to hear that he's sick, I hope he gets better soon.
My mom used to buy whole animal halves, it was a lot of work to cut these animals into pieces, when you buy pre-packaged pieces from a supermarket you forget they are real animals.
My family raised animals and of course from time to time animals had to be killed but they had a great respect for these animals, my family is of Sami animist and shamanist origin.
I love these cooking videos and daily living around.
Lots of love 🖤from India 🇮🇳
Wonderful.
Love from Nepal❤️
1:10 unbothered. moisturized. happy. in my lane. focused. flourishing.
Pleaseeeee we need a whole video of dawang versus the goose
I didn't know they call them chitterlings like we do in the South. It's a small world after all.
1:03 Dawang blocking the channel with his floof is the funniest part
Wooooow amazing vlog stay blessed stay safe stay happy sath healthy
i love it good job. watching from the philippines 🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭🇵🇭
really like the view,, really natural
Hello sis, I dont see many times of grandma in this video and my lit handsome is also missing. Hope everyone is fine and healthy.
I’d be interested in seeing some videos in a “But Faster” series. Show us how to make quick meals at home faster than you could by driving out to a restaurant, ordering, and returning.
I love you so much I'm from Bulgaria 🥰
I’d be interested in seeing some videos in a “But Faster” series. Show us how to make quick meals at home faster than you could by driving out to a restaurant, ordering, and returning.
Watching from Philippines ♥️
Wow really want to join with your family sister, good sharing always
Hii, im from Indonesian, Dawang so cute😂
I'm a Muslim but I like the way you process pork.....
So cute
Shout out from Philippines 😊♥️
Hi mam i am from Tamilnadu. I like your all videos sister
I couldn't understand but fully injoy your video
Nice😘😘😘
dianxi..can you making video for chinese new year?
Poor Dawang! Mum, how can you be so rude to Dawang? No bird, no pig! I can see that he is starving, he looks so skinny.............🤭🤣😂❤
Dawang is so funny.
As we all are not familiar with all the languages thats why it would be better if you provide us English subtitle so that can understand the conversation and enjoy more...really in love with you...lots of love & blessings from Bangladesh.. 🥰
Ur video is very nice 🤠
Say Hi from BALI... Indonesia ❤️
Very talented girl i like you very much
Happy annual pig feast apenjie😲
aww what happened to dawang and he can't eat? ☹️
Mantap
New year program? I like your dishes where your grand parents and brother
Watching from Malaysia
Wow
Wow
Dawang leave the geese alone. He always finds time to play in water. QUESTION, why use a female pig? no more piglets.
It's so sad,one animal to so much of love,n other one to kill and eat😢😢
Good,,,
how long can all that meat be consumed?....
I m big fan of u reply plz
Hi here from India 🇮🇳🇮🇳
What happened to your  grandfather? Now a daysHe doesn't show episode
Feel so sad seeing this
Where is ahao 💜
Why killing animal is taken so lightly. It's hurting 😭
Felt so sad for that big
I think that dawang gain some weight....
it's cruel to kill a pig in this way....I guess DaWang  was saying goodbye to him.
It's old video 😂
Subtitle in English please dianxi
I feel so bad at the pig😢💔,not a bash
Bangladesh theek hai 
dexy
Eating pork is like eating human meat
Big party dawang
Sup Thai please
If you are killing the poor animal dont show the steps taken uses for killing infront of the viewers... It is so bad..

Last video also i menrion this... Pls keep this in ur mind...
You are very heartless people......
Where is ahao??
All their chopsticks touch the food,no serving spoon?
Where is ahao
Hi
Hi
Hi
Why you eat raw meat I know is bad for you well because you can get a stomach pain
Why killing animal is taken so lightly. It's hurting 😭
Bb
7
The way of killing pig is very wrong
Am sorry to say that its very very insane pig is alive another he is slaughter by somebody....what type of festival is that i dont understand....very disappointed every year
She has made the same kind of video before.  She has ran out of topics.
Pig is haram...
😡😡😡 poor pig how they kill it so sad
Reyali i love you please meri me
Animal cruelty eat everything around you pls eat people’s too 😢😢😢😢 how can you be so heartless if somebody did something same like you did with pig than?
I can't see while they kill the pig.
it's rong....
Dog and pig both are animals but dog is loved by them and pig is killed, sadly . But the way,they cook so delicious
